CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing
1. Fork this repository to your own account
2. Make your changes and verify that tests pass (`./gradlew check`)
3. Run `diktat` static analyzer with `diktatFix` gradle task or `diktatCheck` task depending on what you want.
4. Run `detekt` with `detektAll` gradle task
5. After all tests and analyzers passing commit your work and push to a new branch on your fork
6. Submit a pull request
7. Participate in the code review process by responding to feedback

## Launching save-cloud with command line
1. Use `gradlew.bat startMysqlDb` on Windows and `./gradlew startMysqlDb` on other platforms for setting up database.
Make sure you have Docker installed and active.
2. Run backend.
It can be run either with `./gradlew save-backend:bootRun` or with Intellij Idea Ultimate plugin from the menu `Services`.
3. Run frontend. It can be run with `./gradlew save-frontend:run`.
You can enable hot reload by passing `--continuous` flag.

## Spring Intellij Idea Ultimate plugin
In order to make Spring Intellij Idea Ultimate plugin work properly, you need to set these active profiles in service's configuration:  

|         |  SaveApplication   | SaveGateway | SaveOrchestrator | SavePreprocessor | 
|:-------:|:------------------:|:-----------:|:----------------:|:----------------:|
|   Mac   | `mac, dev, secure` | `mac, dev`  |      `mac`       |      `mac`       |
| Windows |   `dev, secure`    |    `dev`    |       `-`        |       `-`        |
|  Linux  |   `dev, secure`    |    `dev`    |       `-`        |       `-`        |

### Mac M1 contributors
In file `save-cloud/build.gradle.kts` change languageVersion of `org.liquibase.gradle.LiquibaseTask` from 11 to 17
so there would be something like this:
```
tasks.withType<org.liquibase.gradle.LiquibaseTask>().configureEach {
    this.javaLauncher.set(project.extensions.getByType<JavaToolchainService>().launcherFor {
        languageVersion.set(JavaLanguageVersion.of(17))
    })
}
```

Commit message:

Better support for development on Windows (#632)
* Add `docker-tcp` profile for orchestrator

In this profile orchestrator can communicate with docker daemon via HTTP API instead of Unix socket. This allows to run orchestrator in docker in Windows environment, if Docker daemon is exposed via HTTP port from Docker for Windows.

* Set more consistent paths to shared folders on windows

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing
1. Fork this repository to your own account
2. Make your changes and verify that tests pass (`./gradlew check`)
3. Run `diktat` static analyzer with `diktatFix` gradle task or `diktatCheck` task depending on what you want.
4. Run `detekt` with `detektAll` gradle task
5. After all tests and analyzers passing commit your work and push to a new branch on your fork
6. Submit a pull request
7. Participate in the code review process by responding to feedback

## Launching save-cloud with command line
1. Use `gradlew.bat startMysqlDb` on Windows and `./gradlew startMysqlDb` on other platforms for setting up database.
Make sure you have Docker installed and active.
2. Run backend.
It can be run either with `./gradlew save-backend:bootRun` or with Intellij Idea Ultimate plugin from the menu `Services`.
3. Run frontend. It can be run with `./gradlew save-frontend:run`.
You can enable hot reload by passing `--continuous` flag.
4. More specific instructions can be found in [save-deploy](save-deploy/README.md)

## Spring Intellij Idea Ultimate plugin
In order to make Spring Intellij Idea Ultimate plugin work properly, you need to set these active profiles in service's configuration:  

|         |  SaveApplication   | SaveGateway | SaveOrchestrator | SavePreprocessor | 
|:-------:|:------------------:|:-----------:|:----------------:|:----------------:|
|   Mac   | `mac, dev, secure` | `mac, dev`  |      `mac`       |      `mac`       |
| Windows |   `dev, secure`    |    `dev`    |       `-`        |       `-`        |
|  Linux  |   `dev, secure`    |    `dev`    |       `-`        |       `-`        |

### Mac M1 contributors
In file `save-cloud/build.gradle.kts` change languageVersion of `org.liquibase.gradle.LiquibaseTask` from 11 to 17
so there would be something like this:
```
tasks.withType<org.liquibase.gradle.LiquibaseTask>().configureEach {
    this.javaLauncher.set(project.extensions.getByType<JavaToolchainService>().launcherFor {
        languageVersion.set(JavaLanguageVersion.of(17))
    })
}
```
